Last night, he said, there were lights in the sky. Small lights, red and blue, just drifting across the sky. A sign from the Lightship, he said to her, gray-haired woman in the Dunkin Donuts. She nodded knowingly. We've been waiting for a sign. Ron Armitron levitated at the convention on Thursday. They filmed it. No strings! A lady went up there and waved her hand under his feet, over his head. Nothing! Not even a breeze. A bunch of people fainted. It was hot in there. She nodded again. She hasn't said a word.

I've been listening since I sat down, pretending to look at my phone, my coffee getting cold. Lightbeings are notoriously difficult to interrogate. They won't speak to you unless you let them scan your code. It's always tattooed on the left shoulder. People have tried fake tattoos, copied from photos, but the Lightship is a sophisticated cult. Everyone gets a unique code. They all carry around the same modified barcode scanners, black with a yellow trigger, and a little diode that goes green or red. Red means back away silently, scanner raised like a weapon. This happens every time – they've obviously been trained. They probably think the scanners double as stun guns. They scan everything, not just people. Everything they consume must first be scanned, every universal product code verified by that green light. Which, of course, means no donuts or coffee. The man has a bottle of orange juice.

There must be more to the Lightship than these weird rituals, the scanners and tattoos, a leader who levitates. Maybe it's a new kind of drug, a programmable hallucinogen. Maybe it's some kind of yoga, combined with a virtual reality so consuming that the yoga becomes a collective hallucination. Whatever it is, it must be good. She left me. She left me for the Lightship, leaving a note on the back of a postcard. It was a portrait of a Lightbeing, probably watercolor, rays emanating from a blue face, all three eyes closed.

I'm sorry. I have to try this. You probably think I'm crazy, but it feels so real. 

A film of oil spirals on the surface of my coffee. 

I know this is terrible. This is devastating for me, too. I'm abandoning my entire life – our life. I love you more than anything, but I've fallen in love with this other thing. It's a completely different kind of love. I hope you'll understand. I need to try this. I'm sorry.

I can see an edge of the gray haired woman's tattoo under the sleeve of her t-shirt. It looks new.

Ok, I'm going to give you my testimony, the man continues. I was in the grocery store, and as soon as I walked in the song that was playing was Hotel California – you know, "you can check in but you can never check out”. The gray haired woman just nods. Yeah, well the lady standing next to me was on her phone. I turned. 333 was on her phone. So I emailed Crystal, she does time operations on numbers. Crystal, I say, I have a 333 here in this grocery store, it's a Key Food, and I'm standing in checkout line number 5. Well I've known Crystal for years, and I thought I knew her pretty well, but everything changed that day. I always thought she was real cool, giving me advice about numbers and stuff, but I had no idea she was involved in the Lightship. After my email from the grocery store, all of a sudden she starts talking about this Lightship thing, like it's somehow related to the 333 I saw. She never explained to me what the connection was, but Crystal's good with numbers so I didn't have to ask. And that's pretty much it, that's my testimony. I went to the Lightship that same day. It's all on the website, you know, if you log in. Everyone's story is up there. I can't do time operations like Crystal yet, but I'm learning. Here, you can email Crystal too. Let me give you her email. Just say you got it from me, Raemond from New York. Yeah, Raemond with an e.

Raemond gets up to leave, briefly glancing in my direction. I look down at my coffee, still half full. The gray haired woman just nods, nodding as Raemond leaves, nodding to herself now, as though deep in thought. 


